# CitC Semester 2 Portfolio
Portfolio for semester 1 can be found [here](https://github.com/arbezy/CitC-Portfolio).

## Intro to materials:

This semester I continued to teach in a coderdojo setting, this time my lesson plans were more original as I stopped using the pathway we had followed last semester. For most of these I drafted a lesson plan of what we were going to do on paper, in the first half of the semester this was mostly using python turtles, and in the second half as the circumstances of coderdojo changes I switched to using an online tool called ImagiLabs. In this portfolio I've included some materials from the lessons although these were generally delivered verablly (because of the environment) so there is not much visual material to go along with them, so I've just included some notes I made post session about what happened and how it went (I've only included this for 2 sessions as is advised in the forms). I was particularly proud of the Rorschach Generator session which I have included some screenshots from which was quite fun to teach as I could have students interpret the patterns produced by the code to get them engaged at the beginning of the session, and the students really enjoyed giving their interpretations and what they thought they meant about each other's pysche.

As well I also did some classroom work with my coursemate, this was teaching 4 classes of P6s or P7s in 2 different schools, using microbits. We planned and delivered the sessions together. Included in the portfolio are the slides we used, as well as some notes I made after some of the sessions, I've also included the evaluation materials collected from these sessions but the evaluation questions have been completed and submitted seperately. This lesson focused on building condfidence in using a microbit, and the concepts it targetted were varaibles and if statements/selection/conditions. These materials were also delivered mostly verbally, with the slides supporting this, where each class was split into pairs of students with a laptop each, and individual help was given to each pair.
